								6 January 1995

This Perl 5.0 extension was written by Darrell Schiebel at the
National Radio Astronomy Observatory as part of the Astronomical
Information Processing System (AIPS++). This extension allows
arbitrary Glish events to be sent and received from Perl. This system,
however, only works with with Perl 5.0 or later.

To take maximum benefit of this extension, sharable Glish libraries
should be built. If sharable libraries are available, Perl can
dynamically load the Glish code when necessary. To get this extension
to compile, you will most likely have to modify the "Makefile.PL"
which is used to build the "Makefile". The makefile is built using the
Perl 5.0 utility "ExtUtils::MakeMaker".

This whole directory structure ("ext/Glish") should be moved into the
Perl distribution. The easiest way to get this new addition
incorporated is to run Perl's "Configure" script. This will set up all
of the necessary variables in the Makefile, and the rest should be a
matter mucking with the "Makefile.PL" file to get the right C++
compiler to compile the Glish extension and to get the Glish shared
libraries linked in.

								Darrell


    Copyright 1995 Darrell Schiebel (drs@nrao.edu).  All rights reserved.
  
   This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone
   and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.
  
   Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on
   any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject
   to the following restrictions:
   1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this
      software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.
   2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by
      explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,
      credits must appear in the documentation.
   3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
      misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users
      ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.
   4. This notice may not be removed or altered.
